### SLOTS MACHINE PROJECT
This is a project created as a student's project. The aim was to create a cloud based application that leverages full potential of a cloud provider: IaC, CI/CD, fully managed services.
This project is a slotmachine simulation that allows users to register and roll the wheels - in hopes of scoring big with the **Tripple Kappa®**. In addition the user can see all his rolls *history* and a *leaderbord* with scoring. One substantial inspiration for the look and feel of the whole project is **_brutalist design_**
Everything in this project was created using AWS Apmlify - the React.js application, hosting, storage, GraphQL API and serverless logic using Lambdas.
Lessons learned:
- Amplify is a great tool, but it can only do so much in terms of creating an application. The real obstacle is as always with tools like this one doing stuff outside of bounds created by the tool - what the creators didn't provide won't really work unless you know the underlaying structure very, *very* well.
- The CI/CD integration with GitHub used in this project was neat, but it lacks so much in terms of responsiveness. I have been stuck for half an hour trying to add another branch to the project for a production environment and it wouldn't happen. Also while deployment from my machine with *amplify push* took around a minute, deployment from the Amplify console took around 10 minutes - while performing all the same steps.
- There is no easy way to customize the GraphQL API created with Amplify with custom Lambda logic. You have to either use the provided api as is or create everything from scratch and bind functions in the schema with *@function* directives.
- All in all, this is pretty much a revolution in allowing students to create their projects in one evening - as long as they're allowed to use JavaScript.
- Adding storage permissions for lambda doesn't work - had to resort to addint permissions and creating environment variables manually which is surely a sad thing. According to documentation it should work, so I guess that is just a temporary bug. No issue on GitHub though.